Backup - release --recovery and --parallel-download (#2688)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/online-backup.adoc

|label:new[Introduced in 2025.09] Allow the DBMS to automatically determine which servers are eligible to serve as backup sources, instead of requiring manual selection.
|false

|--skip-recovery[=true\|false]
|label:new[Introduced in 2025.11] Skip recovery as part of the full backup. Skipping recovery might result in faster backups,
but recovery will have to be done during restore time.

> |true

Reviewer: @yirensum, hi! Our test reports that the default is `false`. Is this true?

Author: yes! that's right, my mistake, it should default false

* The DBMS first selects all servers hosting the database in secondary mode.
* If it is not possible to back up from one of the secondaries, the DBMS attempts to take a backup from the primary followers before finally trying the database primary writer.

[role=label--new-2025.11]
==== Using `--parallel-download`

Starting from 2025.11, the `--parallel-download` option is available.

> When enabled, the backup process will pull data from multiple instances which have been either defined in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the backup process pulls data from multiple servers which have been either defined in the `--from` option or determined from `--remote-address-resolution`.
```

> --from or determined from --remote-address-resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
